‎For sure, Maltese people
are a friendly people.
‎It’s in our tradition
to be like that,
‎but the Christian love
that Jehovah
‎wants us
to grow inside,
‎that will triple the effect.
‎In October 2015,
the time finally arrived
‎for the 650 publishers
on the island of Malta
‎to host over 1,500 delegates
‎for the “Imitate Jesus” Special Convention.
‎This would allow for a unique
‎and unprecedented shout
of praise to Jehovah.
‎Well, the work in Malta
was for a long time
‎rather restricted,
and there was a lot of opposition.
‎Now, with this special convention,
‎the brothers make an impact
on the people here.
‎Some of them were not aware
that we are
‎a worldwide brotherhood.
‎The Maltese are very impressed
with numbers.
‎So now when they see
all these numbers
‎and all this activity,
they’re going to change their whole minds
‎about us, and it’s going to open
their hearts and minds to our message.
‎As well as making
a positive impact in the field,
‎the delegates got to visit
the nearby isle of Gozo
‎and have an interchange
of encouragement
‎with one of the territory’s most
isolated congregations.
‎We were looking forward to this
for over a year now,
‎and to have the reality
‎—you see the brothers here,
you can talk to them,
‎you can hug them,
you see the love,
‎the sincerity—
and that’s what makes the difference.
‎Hospitality was shown by means
of the evening entertainment program,
‎which not only shared the local culture
‎but glorified Jehovah
and the many treasures found in his Word.
‎The children loved every bit
of this thing.
‎They even said:
“What are we going to do when this finishes?
‎“We loved being with Jehovah’s children.
‎It’s so different than being
with the children in school.”
‎By means of the convention,
I have felt closer to Jehovah,
‎and I felt that I had Jehovah’s spirit.
‎And, yes, I also met many other children
from different congregations,
‎and I really enjoyed that.
‎The brotherly love continued
‎as other tours were hosted
all across the beautiful island,
‎allowing the visitors to see Malta
and the Maltese people to see the visitors.
‎“After we made it to safety,
‎“we learned that the island
was called Malta.
‎“And the foreign-speaking people
showed us extraordinary kindness.
‎They kindled a fire
and received all of us kindly.”
‎We extend a warm welcome
to all those present.
‎We would like to give a special welcome
‎to the 1,550 delegates
‎coming from Australia, Portugal, Spain,
‎Greece, Israel, and the United States!
‎I found the truth in 1960.
‎And it was difficult
at that time
‎because there was no one
in the truth.
‎When I saw this crowd here,
‎I was filled with joy
seeing how Jehovah has made it grow.
‎I was here in 1980 as a missionary.
‎We only had 82 people here.
‎And now look at it!
‎From that little, little group,
we are now huge!
‎And that makes me very happy.
‎It reminds us of a prophecy
in the Hebrew Scriptures
‎not to ‘despise the day
of small beginnings.’
‎It doesn’t matter whether there are
many publishers or a few.
‎The fact is that Jehovah
through his holy spirit
‎can do things that we
are not even imagining
‎so that there will be an increase
in Kingdom proclaimers.
‎With the special convention now over,
‎a lot of us take a deep breath
and say, “Ah, it’s done.”
‎But it’s not time to stop;
now is the beginning.
‎The brothers and sisters
give us a lot of encouragement.
‎When they came,
they brought along their love as well.
‎And seeing all this
makes you even want to give more.
‎Doing this for Jehovah,
it’s rewarding, it is, truly.
‎The Scriptures are right.